I purchased it one month ago. Opening and closing is very good but things are heavy and can not be moved with one hand.
It took a long time to work at home, I purchased it requiring paperwork. I did not want to use traditional office for anything, so I chose wood grain. Because it has more storage capacity than I thought, it is useful.
I am convinced about the design, I think it is very good. However, the upper two drawers are hard to attach and slip is bad and it stops and it is caught. I got an inquiry and it is an answer like that specification so I can not be satisfied. The price is cheap, so it is considered that there is no problem if considering that there is also a hit if it is said to be suitable for the price. However, it is an impression that there is not future purchase of goods which are exchanged for reasons that no parts are attached to other goods even if there are no holes, and individual differences are large and expensive.
I am removing the caster and using it. Design is good. It also fits in a Japanese style room.
I bought it for a son older a month ago. I like the living room with grain of wood, the drawer is also smooth, I like it. I am satisfied because I searched for goods that also measures the size. Assembly was hard to get used to making one drawer. By the time we finished four, I got used to it soon.
It is a very cost-effective caster. I knew but I am sorry that the top board is a little high to use with the office desk or something.
It is solid and easy to use. I think the amount is reasonable.
Single eldest son! It is easy to store, easy to move and I like it. The color is also white and fashionable. It seems that it was easy to assemble.
Actually I wanted a thing with a width of 42 cm which was there before, but this is enough.
The drawer moves smoothly. There is a space between the drawer, so a bit, even if put in sundry, even a lot of shuffing will stop!
My daughter who is in middle 2 is assembling and using it by myself. It seems that the way of making it was not so difficult, he said that it was fun after making it. It's easy to use, drawers are smooth, simple and looks fashionable.
It is a series for children's learning desk, but I bought it for organizing small items in the living room I am about to unite with B & W. I'm satisfied.
For the home office the depth is narrow, but I am looking for a functional desk firmly and purchase the main desk in December. Then purchase this drawer unit. Coincidentally Brother's printer size is JUST match! It is best for office use even though it is introduced as a child learning desk at the store!
Purchase as additional storage for studying desks. It feels good to match both size and color. There is no back board of the drawing part on the studying desk, but since the back board is attached here, you can move alone and use it.
Desk and design of the same series are unified, and I am satisfied even more sturdy and user-friendly.
I added it to the hand - held MICKE series later. It is better to be able to expand without discomfort.
If you have an electric screwdriver, it is easy to assemble. Because it is equipped with casters, I like white which is easy to clean and matte.
I added it to MICKE desk of my home office and purchased mainly for the purpose of storing documents of A4. There are two shallow drawers on the top and two drawers on the bottom a little deeper, but neither of them will fit the A4 document file well. Particularly in the lower drawer, the opening (slide) distance is insufficient and the file can not be stored vertically. Therefore, since you have to stack documents and files flat, you can not see the spine and lack the suitability for office supplies. I like the design and texture very much, so it is very disappointing.
I fell in love at first sight and purchased it. It also matches desks previously purchased separately, I like it very much.
