I was able to adjust the height for the dining table, I was looking for cheap ones with casters and found it. It looks simple, but firmly in proportion to the price. The only regret is that the casters do not go around well. I sit down and it is weighty, but it does not turn around when putting in only chairs and scratches on the flooring are likely to remain. My house does not really care because I have already had a bruise, but it may be better to take care of beautiful flooring.
Rollers attached to the legs do not rotate almost. I give up if I can not afford it on a price basis.
It is solid for price and easy to use. However, I noticed it at the time of opening, but it was a defective item with scratches on the backrest net scratched by something. I bought it at Misato shop, but I will make this evaluation because I can not go to exchange from home away from home.
It is easy to use although it has been purchased! Sitting comfort was good for the price.
I use it in my workplace. Although it is using desk work almost all day, there is no problem. It is light and there is no sense of pressure. There is no reclining function, but this price is satisfied enough enough.
I also put it in a small room and use it conveniently. I am glad that we can choose the gray familiar to the room. At the time of assembly, I had a hard time with the caster's driving and the backrest cover fastener, but even a single woman was fine. I do not care because it does not move, but casters do not turn around and it does not work. This price is satisfactory enough.
At first I was looking at other children's chairs, but I felt narrow and small, and I felt that it became small immediately with growth, so I was looking for a chair to sit easily for adults. It was cheaper than other chairs and sitting softly on the back and the seating surface was okay. The child will soil immediately. Because it is black, here also pencil dirt is not noticeable. Because my weight is light, it seems difficult for my son to adjust the height by myself, but if my parents do it, I have no problem. It was easy to assemble and it seems to be used for a long time. I also saw other shops, but the design is simple, and I liked it at a low price.
The comfort of the chair is good, but the movement of the caster is bad and there is no meaning of the caster.
Easy to assemble, well designed, very likable! The backrest has become a mesh, I think that it is cool in the summer. Also, the height of the chair is just right and easy to use! However, when not sitting, the casters do not turn and will become to drag. This time I bought only one leg, I would like to make a repeat purchase.
Fasteners for securing the backrest during assembly can not be closed. All the casters were hard and they did not move smoothly on the floor.
It was compact and easy to use. It was troublesome to assemble.
I bought it for 1 month. I am using it in the study. I am pleased that I can concentrate and tackle it firmly. It is just right to feel comfortable as you can change the height. Because it is a mesh material, it is a nice feeling without heat. It is excellent in cost performance.
