The degree of freedom is higher than expected due to the arrangement of the transverse board, and the interior nature is outstanding. It was not particularly troublesome because the assembly was two people, ordinary drivers were enough. We also enjoy hanging screens by attaching hooks to the assembled shelves, and also customizing as we can utilize space on the shelf.
Good price. It looks good. Good storage capacity.
It was quite heavy and I had a hard time bringing it up to the second floor, but I feel that the finished product is solid and looks good. Electric drivers are mandatory for assembly. I'm tired. Moreover, although it is bad that I did not look closely at assembly instruction manual, it is supposed to tighten all the screws in the end by tightening the screw about 80% in the middle of the basic assembly, but in the middle of the middle plate Assembly from the beginning must be tightened from the start. (This part was unable to see the screw when another middle plate was attached.) I could not understand this and assembled and fixed it. I am bad, but I wanted you to make it a bit easier to understand .... So I reduced one star.
Anyway it is hard to assemble. Even with an electric screwdriver there is no way to make it beautifully. In my case I got 2 places I put together in the same way. Of course the storage capacity is enough, but how about durability? I think that there is a person who can positively assemble it, but it is better to quit a person who is not good at it.
It was heavier than I thought, and I thought that the floor would be okay becoming increasingly heavy as I put the book. Electric drivers are essential for assembly.
Just the size of one tatami mat. Since you can change the height of the shelf freely, you can customize it according to the size of paperbacks, hardcover, large format books etc .. Additional shelves are also sold separately. There are unexpected depths, so even hard covers can be arranged in two rows in front and back, so we enter more than we anticipated.
It is cheap, although the color box is big product, but quality is normal and appearance is not bad. Since it is a board of decorative film on the fiberboard, there are times when the edge peels off to some extent. If you care about such details, we do not recommend it. I think that it is a product that can be used in various ways, but I bought it for organizing the manga book. If it is a new version, you can divide it into 8 columns in the vertical direction and put two rows in the depth direction. If you divide the books of B5 version and A5 version into 6 columns, fit is good.
I think that it is a good product that can be used without problems.
Since it is a big product, it needs a wide place to assemble. When we opened the box, dust and wood powder were stuck on the whole, so we had to wipe with a cloth before assembly, so I reduced the points. I am tired when there is no electric tool for assembly. The storage power was good, and about 950 volumes of cartoon, One Piece were settled (although optional shelves are required ...). Cost performance is good.
I liked the point that shelf height can be changed arbitrarily. I exchanged the old bookshelf and organized the books and classified them again.
Although it is a slightly smaller version of what we already used, I thought this was easy to assemble and easy to use. Fine, it's pretty.
