I use two items of this product and one same color TV rack. I like the chic feeling of appearance privately and likes the price very cheaply.
Bought 1 month ago with special price. Worth it and good to use! It takes up only a little space but can hold a lot of books. That’s exactly what I needed!
It has been 4 months since we used it, but we lost the weight of the book and the bottom board is distorted. The book is not compelling enough, but it is enough to fit in a row, but it seems to have been pushed down from the center downward. The bookshelf is used by leaning against a wall, but since this product is supported by four struts, it seems that it will collapse as the building shakes a little, so the top and the ceiling are fixed with a seismic isolation stick .
Color and design match very well in my room. The room became more fashionable with a simple design. Storage space is just right.
Purchase the second one. It fits in simple and inconspicuous. Cospa is also good, so if you are considering a three-tier box, this is recommended. It would be nice to get a different color for people who are in IKEA white series.
I bought it for a while but I assembled it two or three weeks ago! I bought it at a store and it was affordable so it is a repeat purchase! Because purchase place was Misato store, when considering transportation expenses from home, since net is cheaper we bought from here! Especially because there was a way to make it, there was no problem, the parts ended easily without breakage etc!
I bought it to organize documents, accessories, but I like it very well.
I bought two bookshelves. I use it as a blindfold of a two-step bet. It is a commodity that is not local inside. In addition to bookcases, we also listen to music with mini component etc. It is a good product. It was easy to assemble and completed immediately.
At first it was only one unit, because it is light and looks good, so I bought a second one. I use it side by side.
I bought two, cost performance is the best. I use it as a shelf to store alcohol. When I assembled it using the impact driver, I was overtorque, but there was a crack in one pillar. When assembling, we recommend that you work with the supplied tool without using the power tool.
It was nice to have a firm price. That is heavy. Because I am tall, I thought that there was nothing wrong for it to stabilize.
Even women alone managed to do the assembly. If you devise to avoid falling, you can store A4 size books or files in a lot, it is very convenient.
It is functional and easy to use. It was easy to assemble and completed in a short time.
I bought it last month. Perfect for 6 tatami room. The color is calm. I was looking for it since last year and the price was reasonable and I was glad.
