I use it for children's toys. If you store the large toy as it is, you can play with the second step or more as it stands just because it is a child's playable height. You can put in a refreshing toy with putting it in a basket or box. Because it is white with design, the room can also be shown fashionably widely. I do not use the shelf height adjustment much, but I think that it is a furniture that can be used for a long time even after the child has grown up. Because it was assembled and delivered, it was finished in no time with only carrying in at the time of receipt
It is perfect size for my son's room, there is a sense of stability and it is a five star. The color was also nice. It was easy to use and firm.
Although other people have also written, two pairs of paperbacks and comics can be stored. It's good to be able to back books that you do not read much.
I bought it to organize books and documents as book shelves became full. It was very attractive to be able to freely arrange drawers and doors in combination. I was worried about reading other reviews but I was able to organize bookshelves as I expected, so I think that it is reasonable price for me. While watching the assembly instructions (fitting with 2 drawers and the door) I was able to assemble with about one and a half hours with a single person (female), but it is quite heavy so I think that two people can make it easier and easier It was.
The back plate is fluent. I'm connecting the two boards with something like a vinyl tape, but it is very cheap. It was too difficult to assemble when assembling it. We could increase the price a little more, so I wanted it to be a plate that can not be connected with tape.
I bought two bookshelves of W 1140 × H 1100. It took quite a while on the first person alone. About half a day. Since Bond is used, it is quite hard for two people for 60 minutes as it is dry. The tool required a large driver / small. After one week, assembled the second unit. As the structure became known, it was assembled quickly, but again it is hard work alone. In addition, this time the gum tape is stuck on the back board and when you peel it the decorative sheet is turned over. In the busy season I had to call the consultation desk which is hard to connect, many times on the phone, and sent me a substitute article on arrival on the day. When this force was applied at the time of assembly, this back plate made the joint a pattern and it was very difficult. Also, during use, whenever a book or a box hits, it will be awkward, sounds, and it will be exciting. In order to solve these problems, the second unit stuck a splice plate in the middle of the back of the backboard. When two cars are arranged side by side, the first one has a gap of 2 millimeters between the side plate and the wheel, I am curious. Was the screw tightening at the time of assembly sweet? When reading the instruction manual, it is thing that the screw retightening is done every month. When assembling, be careful, there seems to be considerable improvement.
