There was one stage left, but comic books could be stored about 150 books in 3 steps. I was glad that it seemed to be strong and strong.
I wrote other people, but only 4 papers are in the bunko. Comic books can only enter up to 3 tiers! I bought it for the arrangement of ONEPIECE, but I do not feel like entering the final volume (lol) (It is nearly full of 90 shelves in the back, including slide shelves, it seems to be about 130 books) Height It was inevitable to decorate the figures on the topmost hem. Depending on the number of volumes, those who want to store comics want to find others! Even a woman could do the assembly!
Compact but storage capacity is there, I am satisfied. I do not know the comics, but if it is a bunko / new book you can store it for 4 stages. I was clumsy but I was assembled alone. It took me an hour.
I purchased it because I wanted to clean up comic books cleanly. Since there was a statement that "Comic books with a large number of volumes and paperback books can be stored without waste", I thought that they would fit in, and where I bought it, the height did not fit and I entered only three stages. . The fourth row becomes 14 cm, it has become useless space without entering anything. . Even though I did not properly check the size properly, I do not know until the height of the shelf, but there was a word "Comic can be stored without waste" ... It is really disappointing. It seems that it can not be returned after assembly, so be patient to use it. Two husband and wife were assembled in one hour. It was not so difficult. It was also a little disappointing because there were a lot of small scratches and painted baldness.
Many books can not be rearranged because they can not be rearranged, so buy 3 pieces. Seeing comments from those who purchased and abandoning the assembly by oneself. I thought that money was expensive and luxurious, but I thought that it would be impossible to assemble three as well. It was a correct answer. Because it was hard to just clean up a lot of books. Owing to the refreshing room. Since the shelf on the front slides and moves, the back book is also easy to see and easy to buy.
Two backboards of the main body are about 3 mm thick and it is fluent. It is glued with a gummed tape that is like a 20 cm wide sheet, and insert it into the groove. It is inconvenient that the seat does not stand up when assembling. It was probably impossible for me alone, although my family supported me. Because of the backboard plateau, I feel awkward even if I go up. When moving, slide the floor by pushing the corner of the bottom plate. When pushing the corner of the top board or lifting it and moving it, it seems to be broken by that power. But it is wonderful that all shelves are movable (Other company's slide bookshelf, shelf of the main body is partly fixed). Once installed, you do not mind the thinness of the backboard, the slides are smooth and the storage capacity is also excellent and I like it.
