I bought it for the purpose of DVD storage utilizing the vacant space of the lower stage of the closet of my room. Put the title side of the DVD on top, with 20 drawers + 2-3 drawers in one row? This one can store 50 books. Since the insertion of the living room has depth, we found that there are two in length, so if you can adjust with your family you will purchase additional. If the price is another voice, it is five stars.
As I was watching the review before purchasing, I thought that the packaging method was expected to be improved as expected but similarly, the product was perfectly fitted in the corrugated cardboard box without cushioning material, so it was broken in two places . I wonder if any goods will be broken at the time of delivery in this packing? It was sad to be delivered as a cracked item even though we made it all the way. I decided to have it replaced. I hope that this kind of opinion will be received and from now on, you will be able to devise measures such as cushioning materials.
I put baby clothes and gauze, stuff, towel etc. It is small as storage of clothes, but I wanted to size out right away so I did not want to increase the amount so much, so it is just right for me personally. As soon as the child is 1 year old, it is no longer possible for clothes to come in, so I'm thinking about changing the use of stocks of medicine and daily necessities.
I bought it perfectly in the space I wanted to put, but the lower two rows were cracked and cracked. Since the crack is not the front but the part that can not be seen behind, I will use it as it is without returning it, but I am concerned that there are many problems with other products.
I bought four on the net this time, but 3 of them were damaged. There are troublesome things with large-sized items and I am in trouble exchanging. I am sorry to hear that I love the MUJI product and I am looking forward to reach it.
It is convenient to use anywhere as it is moved. It is tough to put things unexpectedly. It might be more pleasant if there is something a little lower or higher! ! It is four stars.
