I bought it online, but it was as imaginary. Firmly enough for the price, storage capacity is also necessary enough. I feel satisfied with a cheapness feeling with a firm appearance. And the smell also follows the image ... My nose hurts (lol)
We bought 3 rows × 2 rows of stacking shelves in the children's room of our two sons. After worrying for several days, I bought these 4 chests and 2 chests additionally. The chest that arrived at our house, although there was no color difference with the shelf like the review, there is a quite tight smell like other reviews .... Somewhat cleanliness & smell sensitive sons arranged their mouths, saying "It might be a bit impossible", so we decided to put it in the living room .... Well, it can not be helped because it was a purchase after reviewing the review. However, the next day I bought it at the net store and the item arrived, I received an email saying "I reviewed the price", and the same product series was cheaper by 2,000 yen. I feel really damaged. Another shop says that I can use it well, but it can not be helped, but another shop says, "If you try to purchase items that you plan to earn from 1 week to 10 days later, in a hurry Because I will send you an e-mail cheaply from x days later ... (Though it is truly kind-hearted SHOP when I think about it again), this time, in particular, in addition to the smell a little discomfort increased.
It is very good as a single body! However, when put in the stacking shelf, there is a difference in color and it is very worrisome. I think it can not be helped because it is a natural material, but this is just a different color if it is just this ... it just floats and looks there .... After I put it in a stacking shelf gladly, I lost my voice with shock.
The cluttered living became beautiful. Tax payment certificate or receipt of medical expenses which is not thrown away but is not frequently used? Such. I'm putting in a bang bang. However, a distinctive smell is quite interesting. Also, when using in stacking shelf, there is no sense of stability, the difficulty. When pushing in the drawer, it conflicts with the wall behind the body. I wish I had a stopper.
