Assembly was difficult for me. As I said, I still want a Japanese translation.
It is light and durable at reasonable price and I like it. Just assembling was a lot of screwdriver, which was more troublesome than I thought.
Purchase thinking that price is advantageous. I was able to take the train, but it was the size and weight that I could take home and get home. I am using it especially because it is hard to use. However, there are two disappointing points when assembling. One thing was that one screw was missing. Since I wanted to use it immediately, I assembled using similar screws that were in my house, but I thought that I wanted to have spare screws in it. The second one was empty and immediately checked that the plastic part of the drawer was already wounded (wire). It was a product I bought for the first time at IKEA, so it became a happening event to consider a future purchase.
I use it by putting it in a closet, but it is easy to separate and easy to use.
I was looking for a small chest in the living room, it was exactly the same as I thought! The thing can be placed on top, it will not fall off with a stopper, even if the child does not fall, it is not dangerous, lightweight compact, it can be stored more than expected though! The design is also simple and cute, it is a product of great satisfaction to the price inexpensiveness!
I like it very much. I am using it in a child's room, but children withdraw from myself because the drawer is crowded. There is a feeling of cleanliness with white.
I thought that there was still a simple clothing for the baby 's daughter yet, as I saw a lot of storage in the drawer, it was easy to match the room because it is simple.
It took more time than I was thinking about assembling. I think that there are so many screw types to the size of the product. Although the assembly instructions are attached, it is difficult to understand the direction of installation etc.
I made a mistake slightly around the assembly, but it is handy because it is light and easy to carry even with a woman.
Reasonable and compact, design is also GOOD. Since the slip at the time of opening is not attached, if it opens too much, it falls off the rail.
I bought it because the design is good and the price is cheap. I screwed the screw too much when assembled with electric power tool. It is difficult to put out the drawers of the top 2 steps is shallow and difficult to put in.
I bought it with just the right height. There was a bit of anxiety about the material. Is it thin and okay? What. But it was more durable than I expected.
Although it looks a little cheap, it can be stored more than you thought it was surprisingly solid.
