When first assembled, the drawer was hard and it was difficult to open and close even if you adjusted it. I called the support and replaced it for the whole new thing. Although the withdrawal was difficult to open slightly after the exchange, I decided to endure because I did not want to assemble it three times. The exhibit was smooth because it was an image, but the correspondence was quick and polite so I made it to three stars.
I purchased it as a child clothing storage. There were depths, so even 4 stages were enough. However, drawers are hard to grasp, it is a difficult point to get out. I hope improvement.
We also sell small partitions, so underwear and socks are neatly organized.
Since it was not a purchase after seeing the real thing, my responsibility is big, but my fingers are hard to catch to draw a drawer. After all, I have the lower part and I bring out the side and put out. However, because there is plenty of depth and capacity, the amount will enter!
I visited IKEA for the first time and asked me to purchase a chest soon, but for the price it is a four-column type and still deep! ! It was satisfactory though it was an assembly type because clothes fit quite well! !
I bought two, so I liked it because I purchased it several years ago. It has been improved from the previous ones, it is good that it is reinforced. However, I am dissatisfied that the drawer does not move smoothly. Sorry.
Although I put in a drawer at the stage where I made the outer frame, I entered only the 1st step downward, and as I examine it, the dimensions of the width are different in general, so I adjust it using the width. Support was able to be exchanged, but since I had time to make it again, I am using it as it is.
Design, price It is very good! I found it useful because I was looking for a chest without handles.
About 9 years ago I had purchased 3-stage type, but as my family increased, I purchased a 4-stage type here. Anyway the storage capacity is outstanding!
I bought two other furniture, but it was heavy and returned. IKEA furniture is disappointed with too heavy weight for people who know IKEA in the 1970s.
Compared to the price, it was firmer and easier to use than any product. It is the third rod to buy this series. I first bought it ten years ago, but I can still use it well. Assembling is a little troublesome, but if you do your best only at that cost performance is the best.
There is much amount to enter one step! I thought that it was little in 4 steps but I was happy with the design but I liked the design, but since I step one step wide, it got into room. I liked it very much because it was easy to assemble.
I bought it to put it in a changing room. Although the goods themselves are satisfactory, the assembly was very difficult ....
Assembly was easier than I thought. Withdrawing / withdrawing is smooth, there is use. Material texture is also good. There were no assembly instructions in the items I purchased (only for the frame), and somehow it was assembled by contacting the department in charge. In my case I solved it by downloading instructions on the web.
At this price it is solid, design is also good, cost performance is a high product. After purchase, it has gotten about a month, but there are no troubles in particular.
I bought it for use at my mother's facility. The color is beautiful, and the room becomes bright. Compact, fairly large storage is possible. You can also sort by adding a divider. It is convenient and reasonable.
I bought it last month. The price is also affordable and the goods themselves are durable and useful. I think I will purchase it for another child.
I purchased two and changed it for wearing dance. It is very easy to use!
There is no storage in the room, purchased as a handmade closet. I am satisfied with the storage capacity of four drawers. I am also solid making. I pass the brace bar on the top and use clothes to effectively utilize the upper part of the chest. Assembling is a little hard. It took about 3 hours. That's how I love my attachment. Because the design is refined, even if it is placed in the living room etc, it seems to be used for a long time.
I compared it with various items of other stores variously, but I liked the design and purchased it. Sliding of opening and closing of drawer is done smoothly smoothly.
