I tried sitting variously, I was attracted by an affordable price and ivory and made it to this. Although it is suitable for price, it is not too hard, not too soft and comfortable to sit is good. When assembling, I felt that it was difficult to understand figure-centered instructions. It was not content that anyone can understand, and I felt that it was better to have an explanation with easy-to-understand sentences.
I bought it with a well deserved white desk. At a very reasonable price the atmosphere of genuine leather is attractive. However, when assembling, the armrest did not fit inside, screwed down the whole body weight. It was hard to assemble a little.
This time I replaced the drafting chair I have used since. This product is solid in price for the price is cheap and is solid. There are expensive types on the top but it was a satisfying price as the first purchase.
Although I intended to sit and compare variously at the store, I did not expect that the casters did not have a stopper. Even if I sit down, I get far away from the desk and it will not be usable. It is not cheap shopping and it costs money to dispose of it, so I bought a caster dish and put it on it, but it is inconvenient because I can not even move a bit. It was a shock.
Scoring by the penalty point method Two points on the elbow rest part, two parts on the feet, although not noticeable, scratches were confirmed and it was -1. I do not know the market price because there is no purchase experience of furniture etc, but if you say the impression in one word "It is 10,000 yen in this". Although it is a personal impression to the last, it is not bad, but flat is not normal, but it is not particularly bad. Because I have lack of experience, I did not reflect the reflection on the score. We recommend black color. I felt that the black parts on the elbow rest part are mismatches. At the end it seems that studying is going to make progress with this, thank you.
The item arrived on the requested date and time. Since there was an electric screwdriver (hexagonal wrench color bit), assembly completed in ten minutes. There is a strong sense of appearance, you can sit relaxedly. I think cost performance is very high.
Do you buy office chairs in Nitori? It is durable. As you can see from Amazon's evaluation, the warranty of 3 months is durable enough to break in about half a year to about a year. To be one year warranty is that there is high quality. Most of the chairs are produced in China and exported to the USA. So, with a height of about 170 cm, most are too big to use. For example, from the seating surface 73 cm, most people can not sit deeply. Also, if the seat height is over 50 cm, your feet will not get stuck. I can not sit comfortably without 180 cm. From the above, I think that you can see how this chair is suitable for Japanese people. -1 points fit too much and you can concentrate on work, but relaxing with this chair is a bit difficult. Well there are as many as 100,000 chairs. It is a bit luxurious but it is -1 in future expectations. It's wonderful!
The real thing is a slightly brighter white ivory. Evaluation on luxurious feeling and make-up which I do not think to cut 10,000 yen 5. It is a present for children who decided to take college entrance examinations. I changed my chair instead of changing my desk. Recommended for high school students, college students who are comfortable to sit for a long time to keep their posture fixed. If you get tired, you can get tired if you keep your head and neck in highback. In the summer season the seat surface may need a simple ingenuity, but because it is comfortable for dirt removal etc., I chose this one from the fabric. Although I am in the third year of high school, the feeling rises and the figure towards the desk has become brighter.
It was surprisingly easy to assemble. Sitting comfort is also good, and there is a sense of profit at this price. This is convenient as there was no armrest in the past chairs. I'll use it carefully.
