I put the top board prepared by oneself and use it as a drawer unit on both sleeves of the desk. The height is just right, the capacity of the drawer is also very large and it is very convenient. If the drawer's slider is a little smoother it's 100 points.
Although I was worried about the assembly, it was easy to understand with explanation of how to assemble how to see it, it was easy to understand, even one woman for the first time could assemble without difficulty. It is because the drawer was heavy in and out than I had thought that one star is smaller. It will be great if it becomes lighter.
I bought it as a sleeve desk of a child's study desk. Together with the table top it will replace the foot on one side. I like it very much because it is solidly built.
I bought it for my child's study desk. At the beginning, I felt it is heavy to withdraw because it is a type with no roller attached next to the drawer, but as I get used to it it will not open easily because it does not open easily, so it is a good feeling that drawers will not come out arbitrarily.
I bought what I was using on the table to move to a desk by moving. Although there is storage power, it was heavy and it was hard to assemble and move.
Very easy to use, making it solid so I was glad to purchase. Because I can choose the color, I think that it is easy to match with the layout of the room. The difficulty is that it takes a little time to assemble (because there are five drawers), it is quite heavy against the appearance, so I think whether it is honest to be a woman alone to carry it. After assembling the outer frame, it is better to set up the outer frame at the place you want to put and then draw out.
The assembly was fun like a plamo. While you make it, you can see how many screws are stuck. I plan to use it for my child's sleeve desk. It looks simple as well.
I bought it because it is storage for children's study desk. It seems that you like it very much.
I ordered my family to buy it. I was surprised to receive it. It is terribly heavy! I assembled it by myself, but women are quite hard labor. I think that those who are used to assembly are easy. Since there is weight anyhow, it is difficult to move, so I think that it is better to decide where to put in place. I made my own caster board and put it on top of it.
It is moderately heavy when I can open it and I like it very much. However, assembly was also serious. It is not difficult. If it is a finished product it was star 5.
Although it is as described, it took quite some time to create, it took about two hours.
Purchased as a drawer to use for the sleeve of the desk. It is shallower than ordinary desk drawer, so it has a lot of steps so it is very convenient to put stationery etc etc.
I bought two for my daughter's desk. Because it is simple and useless design, I came to a sharp even for each room. I think that the number of drawers is just right. Speaking of greed, it was good to have developed 2 sizes according to the depth of the table. Because the drawer's depth is insufficient if the desk with the deepest desk (the elder daughter got there).
Although I have purchased a lot of furniture and miscellaneous goods up to now, I thought that it deserves high evaluation in terms of the goodness and durability of the material.
Generally speaking, I would like a space to accommodate instructions etc. on the assembled main body.
I bought white as a lost color. Result You can use it stylish without disturbing the atmosphere of the room. Moreover, I am satisfied very much because it is this amount of money. It was a correct answer by looking around the desk carefully with the net and the furniture store and assembling this drawer unit and the top board.
I wanted a working desk at the corner of the room, but I will not disturb the atmosphere of the room with just a nice size and clear visual.
I think that it was possible to do a good shopping although the assembly was serious.
Before assembling, if you do not check the condition of the drawer rails, the drawers will not come out properly after assembly! All the drawers became gradually. Originally it was said that all drawers will come out with the same width, it was solved if you reassembled them for replacement. Although it may be only for me, I have assembled IKEA's furniture several times until now, but I was surprised by this for the first time. Also, I wonder whether the drawer's slide is still hard or not.
I thought it would be difficult to assemble because it was quite heavy but I was able to assemble myself (female) in about 15 minutes. I did not withdraw all it, I put a thing in the back and it was difficult to take it, so I reduced the star by one.
I think that cost performance is wonderful as it will be over 10,000 yen if you buy equivalent ones at other shops.
I bought the same item two years ago but because of the large area of the bottom of the drawer, there was a catch on opening and closing as the bottom plate mid-sized. Since the neighborhood was improved this time (the bar was reinforced in the center) this time I bought it again. However, it was hard to use heavy opening and closing of the drawer this time.
The other day, I bought one and started using it, but the design and ease of use are good, I bought one more and used it. Because there is no drawer knob, I did not get caught, I thought that it was easy to match other interior. I also searched for other drawers, but when comparing the materials and prices, I pinned it "This is it!" By matching it with this table, I was able to coordinate what I asked for.
I like being affordable and easy to use and durable. Purchased for desk drawers and shallow closures. Combine according to the application. I put personal computer, stationery, linen, hobby sewing supplies etc. If there are several depths, I would like to unify it by using it in other places. If the top board is attached and the next term changes, it is a favorite to change to a different use, easy to move.
Tint and design are also very good! I do not feel uncomfortable as an interior.
