I got lost as blue, but bought white gracefully. Although it is easy to assemble, as in the review, the bottom of the chest, the screw to stop the roller is slightly big and not fit in size? It took me around 20 minutes to install if I was struggling with the struggle. If this is not there, it will be done in half an hour .... As a trick to install screws! Just by screwing screws with a screwdriver it can not be turned on. Slightly large screws did not enter inside. But turning down and pushing gently ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ powerfully turned the screw into it. It is recommended that hands with easy-to-wear force use T-shaped drivers. I'm glad if you can use it as a reference. There are considerably small storage capacity because there are also 6 pedals. I am using it in my room. A variety of items such as stationery and notebook medicines, teplas, cosmetic stocks and even small items and medium items are added and refreshing again! I'm glad I bought it.
Assembly was easier than I thought. It is a light and easy to use product with good cost performance and satisfaction!
I liked the color and bought it. Although it was not difficult to assemble it, it will be fun to wake up when opening and closing the drawer.
Because the shape of the washbasin is special, there was something that fitted something, but when you installed it just snug! Although I was going to make it a wagon, my hair and dust were easy to accumulate in the washroom, so it was a correct answer here in a pull-out style. There is also a simple and clean feeling and it's wonderful.
Although I bought one at the beginning, the size was also perfect so I purchased an additional one week later. I was complaining a little because the master did the assembly.
I purchase and use a small box BOX that fits perfectly with the drawer. It is very handy for sorting and storing small items.
The method of combining is simple and cheap. It's a little heavy, but I'd recommend it.
I just liked the green color and I bought it. Putting documents and putting tools are useful. It is convenient to move even when cleaning it because it is equipped with wheels. Paper which can be attached to the face is easy to remove quite a lot. Also, as for the sound of opening and closing, some people may be interested, so we recommend that you actually check at the store. I do not mind so much, because it is cute so anyway I like it.
I purchased red but I like it because it is fashionable. I only move the casters in one direction (back and forth), so I think that we can move here freely.
I bought two in early this month, but one of the iron plates on the side was deeply dented and distorted. I immediately exchanged it. I think that cost performance is good as a product.
It was hard to assemble but the finish was cute.
When pulling out drawers, all will come out if you do not pay attention so I want you to put a stopper on the drawer. If a new type with a stopper attached to the drawer is sold, I would like to buy another one. Or, I would like you to sell the attached stopper for attachment to the drawer of the helmel.
I want you to put thick paper in the label. It is thin and soon will be blown away.
I like colors and shapes very much. I think that it was ok to buy the price at reasonable price. But assembly was really hard. The size of the hole and the screw does not match (the hole is small), a struggle without entering at all. I could not do it by hand. An electric screwdriver is necessary.
It was easy to assemble and it was pretty easy to make it. The texture of the material coating was also not cheap and there was somewhat luxurious feeling.
Usability was the best. I am thinking about purchasing a different color.
I bought it for sorting the stationery for my son. It is under the desk of 2 people but it is comfortable to feel like moving.
Since our house is not a system kitchen, we bought two (black and green) for storage purpose. The result, big correct answer! ! It is easy to put in and out, easy to organize and easy. Cutlery, rap, cooking sheet, mittens and luncheon mats, peeler, freezing bag, and so on. Because it is steel, you can easily wipe away dirt and wet and clean. The size is not too small too much, it is just too good, depending on how you use it seems to be active in various places.
It is made of metal and looks good, it is better to be able to store a lot more than anything. However, because the height is delicately high, I can not put it under a desk of 70 cm height common in Japan. It was useless to remove the caster. It is good if there are variations on things one level lower.
I use it as a toy for children, socks, handkerchiefs.
I do not take much space so I think that it is good if you want to clean up a little. Assembly was also not difficult, so anyone seems to be able to use it.
The upper drawer fell in the third month after use. Even if you try to fix it, it is fixed in the form of pushing the nail at the stage of assembly, and you can not fix it unless you return the nail. It is almost impossible to pull back because its nail is also pushed in. Once broken it can not be repaired.
It's compact, with casters, so it's easy to move. I liked it, so I will buy it in addition.
The price is reasonable. Because it was cheap and assembled on its own, there was a slight shift.
The assembly was a little hard, but there are lots of drawers, but it's compact and very easy to use. I like the bright green very much as an accent in the room.
It is easy to assemble, compact and used in the closet. Easy to use! If you close it slightly stronger, the upper and lower sides will open slightly by recoil. But I was glad I bought it!
