very good. If it was a full open slide rail it was star 5.
Purchased as a sideboard of the bed. Just at a good height NICE! However, it is a little troublesome to not strike the back plate. Even if it is several pieces, it seems that you struck nearly 30 pieces ...
It's just good to put it next to the bed. The color is also good. I am considering buying another one.
I bought it on a fairly hot day, so I feel strongly sweaty when I assemble. It is also good compatibility with the table that had good appearance and good from the original price.
I happened to buy it cheaply at the outlet. I made a firm feel and I felt it was profitable.
I think opening and closing is smooth and easy to use. I hope it was a little lighter.
I purchased it one month ago and it is nice to try using it. It is easy to assemble.
It was spectacular when eight ceilings were arranged for low loft storage! It was super bargain at promotion price just! I will stop the back plate with nails, but because there is no nail position guide, it is troublesome to finish driving equally and it will not finish cleanly! Even though it is calculated up to this point, the last finish is unkind, so I reduced by one star! The same can be said for the 6th stage chest of this series! Come and improve!
Even though the price is cheap this quality, I like it very much.
I bought it with the same color bed. I built it while admiring that it was doing well, such as a drawer slide. I am satisfied.
Although it is not used as a chest, it is fitting right under the desk of a similar color color similar material with a small drawer attached to the right end which I bought at IKEA before. It was simple and solid making.
There is a feeling that the drawer is a bit too large as a night table, but since it seems that a lot of things are likely to be inserted, I am considering things that I am inserting right now. I think that putting tissues and accessories in the drawer on the top and deducing the drawer for the book only.
As a bedside table, practicality is enough though it is simple design.
Simple and convenient. Every night I can put the desk lamp and tea on top and read happily.
