I have bought anything as a chair for employees. It is popular if it does not get tired even for a long desk work.
I go to the desk every day for a month from purchase, but I will not get tired even if I sit for a long time.
Even if you pull the lever under the seat sideways, do not slide back and forth.
I can use it without problems. There is no problem even if you use it with reclining feeling,
I bought it a month ago but the caster part does not move I also tried lubricating oil but I am giving up because it does not change so much. I am not doing anything especially because I do not know whether it is such a thing or a defective item, but I can not say that I can recommend it.
When I was sitting with the back unlocked (it could be warped back due to the weight of the back), the child came on my knees and the weight was worth the two people, the back warped and turned over became. Of course, I think that it is designed to be one-seat. I'll be careful in future.
Nice !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Even though it looks like an office chair, it's convenient to swiftly move at the time of cleaning with a light feeling instead of a large layer. There is a place where the movement of the chair frame is doubtful. Did you mistake when assembling?
Sitting comfortably and excellent in cost performance. The chair was unexpectedly expensive, so I was wondering if it was okay even if it was cheap, but it was stylish and I did a good shopping with excellent cospa
I think whether reclining is even better if there is a slight deep angle. In addition, I think whether there is even better cushion on the seat surface if it is a little more.
I am looking for a desk chair and bought this time this time. I thought that it was difficult to assemble but it was unexpectedly easy to build and it felt comfortably assembled. Sitting comfort, the position of the seats are also very satisfying.
Purchased for my son. I can be satisfied with cheap purchase for a limited time.
I purchased it about a month ago. It is comfortable to sit on. It is more than the price.
There is enough cushioning and so on, but I hope I can lightly recline a bit more. I can hardly recline.
The caster is slightly impaired and rolling is bad. Is there a loss of hit?
It is big when you take it home as you think. It is for personal computer desk but usability is good.
Purchased as a customer chair. Sitting comfort is also good. There is no problem even if the body is big. I think that there is not much else at this price. The drawback is that it is dragged because the coma does not turn, but there is no problem in use at all.
I tried various things at the home center but none of them were sweet for the price, I thought it would be nice to get out of hand for over 10000 yen. This item is cheap but the making is solid, the comfort is also good. The caster also moved smoothly and I'm glad I bought it.
The price is also reasonable, I like it because I am unexpectedly tired even if I sit for a long time. I was also considering one more rank, but I am satisfied with selecting this product.
I actually tried sitting at the shop and tried various but the price and function were marriage. I am not tired even if I sit long.
It is an ordinary business chair. I like it that it is not possible and not impossible. Calm down.
Assembly was easy. For sitting here, I want a cushion on the backrest. Sorry that the movement of the pulleys of the legs is not so smooth.
Purchased one month ago. I use it as a PC chair. It is also cheap and easy to assemble with one person. It was more than I expected.
Does not it personally match? Sciatic neuralgia has become worse and I am not using it now. The feeling of sitting is nice, but when I sit, there is a noise from the caster.
The waist is very easy. The backrest also has a length and it will fit on your back so it's easy to sit for a long time.
Design and comfort are very good. The backrest also comes to the neck so it is hard to get tired. However, because the floor of the house is a flooring, the rotation of the part that arrives at the floor of the foot is hard and it is just slipping, so it is minus one. I am still using it for a while but it is still intact. .
