site_location	stars	conrtibutor_name	how_long_ago	review_title	review	can_be_recommended	value_for_money	product_quality	appearance	ease_of_assembly-installation	works_as_expected	helpful_yes	helpful_no
us	4	Anonymous	3 days ago	Reasonable priced	It’s heavier than it looks	Yes	5	4	5	5	5	0	0
us	5	Magnum Mike	6 days ago	Super-versatile bookshelves. Bought three.	These bookshelves are inexpensive, easy to assemble, sturdy, and fit well in any room with nearly any decor (very neutral design). Highly recommended.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	1	Irishrifle	11 days ago	Saving money with cheap parts	I have owned many Billy bookcases over the years. All things being IKEA, the quality has never been superb (particle board, cheap hardware, terrible instructions, etc.) I have always expected this and most of the time with furniture, you get what you pay for. Recently I bought 2 of these bookcases. I was surprised that when putting them together, that the connector pieces that tighten down onto the funny screws broke very easily. They used to be metal, but now they are a VERY cheap plastic. I put next to no torque on several of these and they snapped. After the first two, I took extra care and still broke several. I am extremely dissatisfied with this. The prices for these products have increased over the years with little to no change. But now IKEA is being even more cheap with a pretty critical part. It goes without saying that if these pieces break, especially if you didn't realize, the furniture would be very unsafe. Especially if this furniture is anywhere near small children. Needless to say they are going back to the store.	No	1	1	3	3	1	0	0
us	5	Homemaker100	19 days ago	Perfect size	I purchased this to go into a den and it fit just right. It was very easy to assemble and very sturdy.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	5	Familyof6	a month ago	solid bookcase at a great price	I have bought many Billy bookcases. They are strong enough to hold heavy textbooks, piles of books and toys	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	5	Gloria 28	a month ago	The bookcase	We bought the bookcase, it was easy to put together and looks great in our home office.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	5	Patricia of Whitestone	a month ago	Easy to assemble and looks great.	I created a library room in my house which looks very professional. Friends who visit think it’s the walls were specially built in. This a fantastic product.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	5	Great bookcase	a month ago	I actually bought couple of these for all my cookbooks and I love it! These are very sturdy,medium height,I got them in black and they look fantastic with all the books against bright walls,very stylish and modern, and I am very happy it looks like a part of the kitchen with all the dark cabinets. Assembly was fine,like always, manual very self explanatory,easy to follow. They were not cheap but totally worth the price,because I needed something very sturdy for a lot of books, and it definitely met all my expectations! Thank you!	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	1	LindsTu	a month ago	Disaster! Returning	Almost everything we own is IKEA. Have been a fan since first discovered in 2002. That said, I purchased this to use as a book shelf for my son’s room. Opened the box and noticed the edges had frayed and splinterd. It is a flimsy particle board and when we tried to assemble it, a large piece of the edge just fell off as we were connecting the side and top together. The little wood dowel just cracked and split the particle board with light pressure! Never have I seen that happen before and it bemoans a cheapening of material and construction. It is unusable so now we need to drive 40miles back to return it and purchase something more solid and substantial. Very, very sad as this is becoming a trend with IKEA.	No	1	1	1	1	1	0	0
us	5	jtoh	2 months ago	Great bookcase	I bought this for my college student. It was perfect!	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	5	Cher88	2 months ago	absolutely love love this bookcase	I absolutely love this bookcase! Very sturdy and functional. Needed bookcase for office closet to store papers, books and supplies.	Yes	5	5	5	4	5	0	0
us	4	sarahcatsteve	2 months ago	Nice!	I bought this about a month ago. It was easy to put together and I have had no trouble with it.	Yes	4	3	3	4	4	0	0
us	1	Gina Rena	3 months ago	None	I buy 1 & half month ago it’s really nice & perfect for my room	Yes	2	3	3	4	4	1	1
us	3	wagszilla	3 months ago	Solid bookcase, beware instructions	This is a solid bookcase. It looks nice, it's easy enough to assemble, and it's decently priced. My only complaint is the materials, specifically the back panel, which is a flimsy poster board material. It's supposed to just slide in along the track but it really doesn't. When you're doing Step 7, it suggest you lay it upside down. Also the baseboard has a chip in it already. Another note about the instructions, Step 3/4 are misleading. Note the screw holes and the smooth edge of the frame. Those are your clues on how to assemble it properly. Why am I pointing this out? Step 3/4 would give you the impression that the big vertical board nearest you has the black side facing you as it's colored in black in the diagram which is not correct at all. A similar comment goes for the tall skinny board near you. While white in the diagram, the black face should be facing you here. This is the foot of the bottom of the bookcase.	Yes	4	3	4	3	4	1	0
us	5	Qimama	3 months ago	Great features!	I love the cut outs on the back for trim. It helps it sit flush against the wall.	Yes	5	4	5	4	5	0	0
us	4	AriNYC	3 months ago	Good, but dislike the safety L brackets	There's a lot to like, and two critiques. The safety L brackets are ugly and visible. They need covers, like the kind that come with the kitchen cabinets. Also, the back wall bows easily.	Yes	4	4	4	5	5	1	0
us	5	KNallin	3 months ago	Easy to see why it's a classic	Billy bookcases have been around for a long time for a reason. My Billy is solid and attractive. I assembled it in minutes. I'm very happy with the way it looks in my room.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	5	Birdy611	3 months ago	Easy to assemble, looks nice	I got this unit with two of the 6ft Billy shelves in the same color. They look really nice on one wall of my room dedicated to my "lady lair". The shelf was very easy to assemble and I was able to complete it on my own. The shelf feels sturdy and I look forward to having this unit in my home for many years.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
us	4	Danny B	4 months ago	Solid piece	Bought this a few weeks ago. Very solid when assembled. Good size.	Yes	4	4	5	3	5	0	0
us	5	IkeaShopper17	4 months ago	Great for my classroom!	These bookcases work great for my classroom! Very easy to assemble and the perfect height!	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	0	0
