site_location	stars	conrtibutor_name	how_long_ago	review_title	review	can_be_recommended	value_for_money	product_quality	appearance	ease_of_assembly-installation	works_as_expected	helpful_yes	helpful_no
us	4	Savedsoulstyle	a year ago	Just what we needed...but...	We bought this to put in our master bedroom walk in closet for my husband's clothes. I love everything about it except 2 things. One is i feel that it's a bit on the short side. Being that it's for his clothes I do see that he has to bend down quite a bit to get into the bottom drawer. So if you're a pretty tall person this may be a factor for ya. Also, the drawers can slide back into place easily, therefore, I have smashed my fingers a few times. Since there are no knobs or handles this may be a problem as well. Other than those 2 quirks we really love the look and functionality that this drawer provides. We would still buy it again and recommend it to others.	Yes	5	5	5	4	4	9	0
us	4	Anonymous	a year ago	Fix to make this unit last	Tip: Put white glue in the slot for the drawer bottoms before assembly so they won't pop out over time (or else they will with any serious use).	Yes	None	None	None	None	None	6	0
us	4	Andrea Ercilia	6 months ago	Great	I bought 2 and used them as side table for our bed. Perfect size, perfect height and a lot of space. Besides, this new color is beautiful!	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	4	0
us	3	John 101	a year ago	Dresser is good, glass top was not	This is about the dresser, but mine was ruined by the silicon dots that came with the glass top. So take that as part of the review. The dots stuck immediately to the dresser top and removed the paint on all 4 corners, when I tried to lift it immediately after laying it down. I hadn't realized just how easy the finish could be marred. We have quite a few IKEA pieces, but all of those happened to be real wood, and still look amazing.	No	3	3	4	2	1	4	0
us	5	Colorgrl1	a year ago	Big drawers	Bought this as a nightstand and boy does it have lots of deep drawer space. Way more than I expected but if you need extra storage you can't go wrong with this	Yes	5	5	5	3	5	4	0
us	2	socal87	11 months ago	Broken After 1-3 Years	I liked everything about this product except it gets broken too soon... Since I liked the first purchase of this product a year ago, I bought another one and realized later that it was a bad idea since its one drawer started to break itself as well. I loaded with pants in that drawer and somehow its bottom didn't stand firm for the weight of the pants... It spitted a screw out somewhere and now it's just broken. The front cover falls apart and the other part makes screeching noise whenever I pull or push it. And here comes the second tragedy. The first one I bought three years ago started breaking just recently by itself without any kid's interruption. (I'm single with no kids) one bar part started to crack and fall like a cracker. What the heck. All I did was loading/unloading the drawers, pulling/pushing them. Now both of them look just sad and broken. I guess you get what you pay for... I'm never going to buy any chest of drawers at IKEA again.	No	2	1	4	4	1	3	0
us	4	Suedinjin	a year ago	Decent dresser	Wasn’t as easy to assemble as other ikea products I’ve bought. I accidentally misread one of the instruction pictures and split the particle board (prepare to use a hammer). It’s very heavy and hard to move but the drawers are deeper than other options and I love the color.	Yes	4	4	5	1	4	3	0
us	5	Mitzyface	a year ago	Love it	Perfect choice , bought it for my kids last month. Great product.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	3	0
us	5	nanergoat	a year ago	great product	bought this for my son to use as the house he is renting and it fit the bill perfectly!! sturdy construction and fairly easy to assemble.	Yes	5	5	5	4	5
us	5	sylvia104	a year ago	Stability	I purchase one and had to buy a second due to the sturdiness and room in the drawers. Easy to assemble and fits well in the two rooms without being too bulky and large. No tip hazards as well. Looks good and a good price.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	3	0
us	5	hannah34	2 months ago	Love it!	Looks beautiful in my bedroom. I purchased 2 of these in place of the 6 drawer dresser- easy to move around the room. It was easy to put together by myself, but was heavy to move alone- it would be helpful to have 2 peoplejust for the ease of moving- so far, so good!	Yes	4	4	5	4	4	2	0
us	5	Toshiba	6 months ago	Very versatile	It’s been 2 weeks still loving it.	Yes	4	4	5	2	5	2	0
us	4	Eagle Springs Lake	6 months ago	Middle support broke as it was turned over during assembly.	Yes	3	3	4	4	4	2	0
us	2	onabudget	a year ago	Looks great but you get what you pay for	It's cute and the perfect size. Unfortunately one of the front bars had a crack so with the slightest pressure it broke in half. It's way too heavy to bring back to Ikea to return/exchange, so I have it taped together with packaging tape, so it doesn't look perfect any more. The dresser works fine, otherwise.	Yes	4	2	5	3	3	2	0
us	5	Singlemomma	a year ago	Love it!	I bought the Malm 3 drawer chest a month ago, it’s perfect! Very sturdy, smooth opening drawers. Spacious.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	2	0
us	2	KC86	a year ago	Wasn't What I expected	The overall quality was okay. I've had the product for less than 3 months and the pieces between the drawers are breaking along with the railing always coming off track.	No	2	1	3	4	1	2	0
us	5	Oreo5	a year ago	Very practical, functional and durable.	We bought this a few months ago. The price is reasonable; functional drawers and durable. My only recommendation when assembling this type of drawer is yo use a wood glue to make sure it will not fall apart in the future.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	2	0
us	5	mary20	a year ago	Love these dressers	My husband and I have the 4-drawer Malm chests and love them so I bought two of the 3-drawer chests for our daughters. The best feature is how easy it is to slide the drawers in and out with one hand. The dark brown color is beautiful and goes with everything. They are heavy and took me a while to put together. Our girls will be using these for a very long time.	Yes	5	5	5	4	5	2	0
us	5	AZBob	a year ago	very solid chest of drawers	We liked the first two we bought so much we bought another one about a year later. Our only disappointment was the design (front face) changed a little so all three don't match.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	2	0
us	5	Jaboo	a year ago	None	Husband and I bought 2 of these to use as night stands and we love them. Very roomy drawers and not bulky at all.	Yes	5	5	5	4	5	2	0