site_location	stars	conrtibutor_name	how_long_ago	review_title	review	can_be_recommended	value_for_money	product_quality	appearance	ease_of_assembly-installation	works_as_expected	helpful_yes	helpful_no
us	1	XpertJoey	3 months ago	Faux Leather Material Peels Off	Bought the chair about 2 yrs ago and the chair is very attractive and comfortable. Durability is another question however. While the chair's structure has held up well, no creaks, the faux leather material has not. After about 11 months of use the material on the arms started to peel off, & a few months later the seat cushion has started peeling as well. It would be a great chair for not this issue.	No	1	1	5	5	1	8	0
us	4	Juggler	5 months ago	The right price. The right look.	I have been using it for 3 months now in my home office. I am about 200 lbs and I sit in it for about 2-4 hours a day and have always been comfortable in it. I bought the white one and I expected it to get dirty quickly. It surprisingly did not. It is also very easy to clean by wiping it down with a damp towel. It has the appearance of leather, but is a synthetic material. The packaging was brilliant (typical for Ikea), as most of the parts were tucked inside the chair back. It is light weight but still sturdy. It raises and lowers easily with the lever below the seat. The leaning resistance is adjustable, or you can lock it from leaning back. The arms do not adjust, but they are at the right height for normal use. I would normally like to lower the arm rests when tucking my chair under the desk, which I cannot do with this chair. As a result of that, the arm rest material is starting to wear slightly where it rubs the edge of the desk. I have learned to lower the entire chair instead before tucking it away. I often get compliments on the chair from visitors to my home.	Yes	5	3	4	5	5	5	0
us	2	dbel	a year ago	You're always leaning back	You can't beat the price, and the quality of the materials is excellent. However, I'm never comfortable in this chair unless I use a pillow to push me forward and support my back. Otherwise, you're always leaning back in this chair, and that makes it hard to work for more than a few minutes. I also have to use a towel on the seat in warmer weather, or else I sweat too much. The chair is very comfortable if you're not writing/typing or sitting at a desk.	No	4	2	4	5	2	5	0
us	5	neowolfwitch	2 years ago	Great office chair for the price.	It was fairly easy to put together and looks great. It's comfortable and practical. The only thing I don't "get" about it is the locking wheels- which lock when there isn't any weight on the chair. They make it less than ideal when you are just pulling it out from under your desk, or pushing it in when you are not using it. It just seems like an unneeded "feature", but not enough to drop a star for me.	Yes	5	5	5	5	4	5	0
us	1	SecorF1	a year ago	Not for above average height/weight.	I've had this chair a little over 6 months and snapped the supports from just sitting in it. I'm 6'4" and 240	No	1	1	5	5	1	4	0
us	4	Niki G	2 years ago	Does the job	My old office chair was wobbly; I needed a new one quickly and wasn't too expensive. I recently was allowed to work from home three days a week so I needed a new chair. For the price, this does the job. The lumbar support could be better and the wheels don't roll that well but at this price, it is comfortable and supportive enough for thirty hours a week.	Yes	4	4	5	4	5	4	0
us	1	cyberhawk	4 months ago	Lasted just too long to return	Bought this chair 13 months ago (just past the return deadline). The hinge that supports the back snapped, and now it wont lean back at all. A decent office chair should last at least 3 years, not just over 1 year	No	1	1	4	4	2	3	0
us	5	atowns	5 months ago	Great office chair at a great price	I purchased this chair because I bought a new desk, and I didn't want to spend $200 on a nice office chair, but also needed something decent.I looove this one. so much so my husband has stolen it for his desk space! A good deal for sure.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	3	0
us	5	LadySoundMan	11 months ago	What A Chair	Was recently rear-ended in car accident and suddenly had never before back pain. This chair is firm but not too much - PERFECT back support! If you are 6 feet tall, it might be a bit small for you, so do go to IKEA and sit in one. I did lie on "whether works as expected". I expected it to be a GOOD chair; It is actually a FANTASTIC INCREDIBLE chair at an unbelievable price - WAY better than I expected. I had absolutely no idea it would be so wonderful. Over a month now, and still gets better every day!	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	3	0
us	2	Rmkh	a year ago	Those wheels!	I really dont like the wheels on this chair! They dont roll unless there is weight in the chair. So frustrating! Please advise If i can replace these wheels with constant rolling wheels. As is, not good on wood floors...must be seated in chair or lifted to move.	No	1	1	3	3	1	3	0
us	3	junmarib	a year ago	Great Structure, Looks Great, Hard to Clean	The chair looks exactly as seen in the picture and works just as it says it is supposed to. No hickups in that area and assembly was about the same for any Ikea product. The structure of the chair is fine however I have white and the material gets very dirty and it is hard to clean. I have tired different products and they either do not work or rub off the material. I would recommend as $64 is too expensive (in my book) to have a chair you can not clean and may end up replacing in less than a year. You might as well put the $64 together to get a more expensive chair or go with the black color. I have only had the chair 4 months.	No	3	2	3	4	2	3	0
us	1	Leslie3	2 years ago	Very uncomfortable!	We bought it recently. When I officially sat on it in IKEA, it felt fine but once we bought it home, it was very uncomfortable. It doesn't cradle your back. My husband still insists on keeping it though!	No	2	1	4	3	1	3	0
us	5	Domino 44G	a month ago	Are you kidding...?	Are you kidding? This chair IS GREAT !!! This kit went together without any issues, each part fitting the rest snuggly. The quality is outstanding and the chair is comfortable. Home run, outta the park! Thanks : )	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	2	0
us	5	K8plus2	a month ago	Comfortable	My husband works from home and uses this chair on a daily basis. He says it is comfortable and I think it looks nice in our home office. Also, the high back is nice because he's 6'2"	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	2	0
us	5	Hal 39	a month ago	Great comfort at a great price	Bought this chair a month ago. Very comfortable ans looks great as well. Can not be beat for the price. Does not roll out from beneath me ,like my old chair did.	Yes	5	4	5	5	None	2	0
us	5	artgal464	11 months ago	Beautiful & Sturdy	I was a little worried about having a white office chair, but I'm two months in and it still looks like I just assembled it. I get lots of nice comments from everyone who visits my office. Very happy with the purchase!	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	2	0
us	5	Altemose_Prime	a year ago	So Far So Good	I've had this chair for a few days. It was very easy to put together. It seem sturdy and is comfortable.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	2	0
us	1	ManMachineInterface	a year ago	Broke within 6 months - Please do not buy	I bought this chair less than 6 months ago. I used it in my home office and it was okay as first. Now, in less than half a year, the frame supports for the seat to the back cracked on both sides! It is useless now. I wish I had spent the money of something else.	No	1	1	4	4	1	2	0
us	5	Jen777	2 years ago	Great chair	Bought it for my 17 year old. It was super easy to put together. Didn't need anything extra. Everything comes with it. Love the design and color. I love the fact it has a zipper in back for you to store the tools for the chair. Very comfy.	Yes	5	5	5	5	5	2	0
us	3	Ddavif	2 years ago	Good chair for short duration	Over all it a decent chair for the money. Caviat:. It's not a good office/gaming chair for long periods once broken in. Under 2 hrs, no issue.	Yes	4	3	4	4	3	2	0